# Frequently Asked Questions

[Overview](#sec_1) 

[Application Market](#sec_2)

[Development Language](#sec_3)

[FPGA](#sec_4)

[FPGA Shell](#sec_5) 

[Troubleshooting](#sec_6)

[High-risk Operations](#sec_7)

<a name="sec_1"></a>
## Overview

### Q1：What is HDK?

HDK is short for Hardware Development Kit, including all design files, verification, and build.

### Q2：What is SDK?

SDK is short for Software Development Kit, including the drivers, tools, running environment, and applications required for running FPGA instances.

<a name="sec_2"></a>
## Application Market
### Q1：What is Cloud FPGA Marketplace?

FPGA developers can share or sell their AEI files to other FPGA users on the Cloud FPGA Marketplace. 

<a name="sec_3"></a>
## Development Language
### Q1：What development languages does Cloud FPGA support?

Currently, only one type of Cloud FPGA are available: general-purpose (OpenCL) . OpenCL is developed by using the C language.

<a name="sec_4"></a>
## FPGA
### Q1：What is the FPGA model used by Cloud FPGA?

Currently, Cloud FPGA uses Xilinx UltraScale+ series xcvu9p-flgb2104-2-i cards.

<a name="sec_5"></a>
## FPGA Shell
### Q1：What is Shell?

Shell is static logic provided by the HDK, including peripheral interfaces such as PCIe and DDR4.

### Q2：Does Shell use AXI4 as its interface protocol?

Currently, Shell uses AXI4, AXI4-Stream, and AXI4-Lite protocols to process different types of data.

<a name="sec_6"></a>
## Troubleshooting

### Q1：What should I do if the license cache files generated by Vivado have security risks?

The FPGA design tool Vivado provided by Xilinx checks the license and generates cache files in the following directories:
`/tmp/FLEXnet/` 
`/usr/local/share/macrovision/storage/`
`/usr/local/share/macrovision/storage/FLEXnet`
The cache files have the global write permission. Therefore, the data can be modified and damaged by any user in the system, which may damage the system.

**Solution**
These files are used only when Vivado checks the license, and are generated each time they are used. You are advised to manually or write scripts to delete all files in the preceding three directories each time you use Vivado. Deleting these files does not affect Vivado.

### Q2：How can I design high-performance and high-quality code?

For details about the FPGA development of the general-purpose architecture, see the [SDAccel Environment Profiling and Optimization Guide](https://www.xilinx.com/support/documentation/sw_manuals/xilinx2017_4/ug1207-sdaccel-optimization-guide.pdf).

<a name="sec_7"></a>
## High-risk Operations

### Q1：When I pressed Ctrl+C during the execution of xbsk test in OCL SDK, xbsk test failed to be executed again. What do I do?

This operation is prohibited. Otherwise, reinstall the XDMA driver to rectify the fault.

### Q2：When I pressed Ctrl+C during the example execution in OCL SDK, the example failed to be executed again. What do I do?

This operation is prohibited. Otherwise, use FpgaCmdEntry to manually load the example again to rectify the fault.


